(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
Time to begin our duel,
Playmaker.
Speed Duel!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD!
(computer chirping)
I draw!
Huh?
I attack--
(Ai)
Waaaaaait!
Huh?
I think you should play the card
you just drew.
Seriously!
(Playmaker)
But we don't need
to use it yet.
(Ai)
I don't know why
but you just
gotta trust me on this one.
Very well.
I'm going to activate
the Equip Spell SUSPEND WAND
from my hand!
And equip it on
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Why such a risky strategy?
Cuz it's the right one!
I see now.
It was your idea.
Go, CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
(Playmaker)
Attack!
(grunts)
(timer beeping)
You became so impatient
that that you wasted
your cards carelessly.
But it wasn't your strategy,
was it?
It was Ai's.
it would take a special AI
to choose
not to make
the most logical plays.
You, Ai, have what is called...
Instinct.
Instinct?
You may truly be an Ignis
unlike any other.
The key to everything!
(electronic whirring)
(Soulburner)
Flame, if there's
one thing we can't do,
it's let Lightning escape.
Because the quickest way to end
this war is to defeat him.
(Flame)
So will you stop driving
like a sloth
and step on the gas?
Right.
(Ai)
I'm the key to everything?
(Bohman)
Yes, Ai.
Your very existence is proof
of our unlimited potential,
the infinite greatness
that AIs can achieve.
You hear that, Playmaker?
Aren't ya lucky
that you're my minion?
C'mon, Bohman,
keep the compliments coming.
Ai, you are special.
Uh-huh!
(Bohman)
Unique in every possible way.
Uh-huh!
Because unlike the other Ignis,
you are the laziest,
and most negligent AI
to ever exist.
Uh, what?
Think back years ago
to when the Ignis first
built the Cyberse.
They created a perfect
paradise to call their home.
But when they were done,
they didn't just stop.
They did what they were
programmed to do,
expand the Cyberse
by generating Data Material.
They worked hard every moment,
while you...
did not.
You spent half your time
playing silly games,
and the other half
playing sillier games.
(Ai)
There is nothing silly about
Bonko Bonkers!
My point is that you didn't do
what you were programmed to do.
Because you had
what the other Ignis did not...
Instinct.
Humans believes that instinct
is natural
because every
living creature has it...
from one-celled organisms
to giant mammals.
But humans don't believe
that the Ignis
are living creatures
because we have no instinct.
We're just programs,
programmed
to do what
's in our code.
And perhaps they'd be right...
if it wasn't for you.
You weren't programmed
to goof off
or take naps...
you did that on your own.
Meaning that you transcended
your programming
with your laziness.
(Ai)
I can't tell if he's
complimenting me
or insulting me.
(Playmaker)
I think it's a little
of Column A,
a lot of Column B.
And the other Ignis learned
from your unique behavior,
developing their own
personalities.
Evolving, growing,
turning into something that
humans thought were impossible.
They became living creatures.
And if the Ignis can evolve,
it stands to reason...
that any other program
can evolve as well.
And if all AIs
are living creatures,
then humans have no right
to end our lives.
But they do.
They just toss us
into the garbage icon
and hit delete
without thinking twice.
If humans refuse to show
any respect
to their fellow
living creatures,
it is our duty to bring
their reign of terror
to an end.
Starting with Playmaker.
Now let's return to our duel!
Hm.
Since your turn is over,
your RESUME MACE no longer
powers up your
CYBERSE MAGICIAN.
And I may not have
many life points left,
but I have exactly
what I need.
Bohman has under
a thousand life points.
Huh!
Aww, glitch!
He's now allowed
to use his Skill.
That is correct!
And that is what I'll do!
Yeah, go for it, Bohman!
(Bohman)
It's my turn!
(grunts)
I activate my Skill!
Whoa,
he's swirling up
one of the biggest
Data Storms I've ever seen!
As these winds become stronger
and stronger,
so does the monster
that resides within them!
(grunting)
Yes!
(Bohman grunting)
My Skill allows me
to draw that monster
and add it to my Extra Deck!
Go Storm Access!
(grunting)
I think we're
in serious trouble!
(grunting)
The wind is so strong
it's breakin' him up!
(Bohman grunting)
Whoa!
Huh?
It's mine!
Exactly what I need to win!
As long as I can summon it!
I'll start by activating
HYDRADRIVE SCABBARD!
This spell summons
a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
in defense mode!
(computer chirping)
Next, I'll use it
to generate my circuit!
I will now set my TOKEN
in the Link Arrow!
(shooting)
I Link Summon!
Link 1 GRAND HYDRADRIVE!
Huh, that's it?
Ya think that's the card
he got from the Data Storm?
No, it's too weak.
(sighs)
True.
Next, I activate the effect
of my trap
PROPERTY FLASH!
By tributing a HYDRADRIVE
Link Monster
that's on my field.
I'm allowed to place
one Property Counter
on this card.
And with just that
one extra Counter,
the full potential
of my deck is unlocked!
By sending this trap
to the graveyard...
I can summon
a HYDRADRIVE Link Monster
from my Extra Deck
that has the same
number of Link Arrows
as PROPERTY FLASH has counters.
Currently PROPERTY FLASH
has four counters.
Which means I am now
allowed to summon
a Link 4 HYDRADRIVE
Monster!
Aww, no!
(grunts)
I Link Summon...
Link 4...
ROUSING
HYDRADRIVE MONARCH!
(roars)
(computer chirping)
That's the monster he drew
from the Data Storm.
And when I summon my MONARCH
from my Extra Deck...
it gains four
Hydradrive Counters.
In addition,
this monster has
four different Attributes:
Earth, Water,
Fire and Wind!
(roaring)
That's a whole lotta Attributes,
and that usually means
a whole lotta trouble.
Then it's important that we
assess this situation carefully.
Our CYBERSE MAGICIAN
currently has 4400
attack points.
Right.
And it gains an extra thousand
when it battles a Link Monster,
raising it to 5400.
But Bohman has JUDGMENT ARROWS
that can double ROUSING
HYDRADRIVE MONARCH's
attack points to 6000!
But CYBERSE MAGICIAN
can use its special ability
to cut the damage
we take in half.
(Ai)
Oh, yeah,
so we'll lose CYBERSE MAGICIAN,
but we'll only take
300 points of damage.
That's not the worst
of the worst.
Unless Bohman has
something more in store...
When do I not?
I'm bringing this duel
to an end!
I activate ROUSING HYDRADRIVE
MONARCH's second ability!
By removing
one HYDRADRIVE Counter,
I roll a die
with all six Attributes.
If your monster shares
the same Attribute
as the one I roll,
that monster is destroyed.
And you also take
500 points of damage
for each monster
that goes to the graveyard.
Since both of your monsters
are Dark Attribute,
one roll of the dice
and I can take them both out.
(Ai)
You mean one super lucky
roll of the dice!
Cuz your odds
are only one in six!
True,
but with four Counters,
I can roll the dice four times.
(laughs)
Well, I don't like those odds.
Now what say we see...
who luck actually favors!
Go Judgment Dice!
It is Dark Attribute!
Seems luck is on my side!
This means your CYBERSE WITCH
and your CYBERSE MAGICIAN...
are both destroyed!
Now I hate those odds!
Since I got rid of two monsters,
you take 1000 points of damage
to your life points.
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
And since there are
no more monsters
on your field...
you are completely defenseless
to stop my attack!
Go!
(roars)
I may have no monsters,
but I can activate
RESUME MACE's effect
from my graveyard!
By banishing two Equip Spells
and a monster from my graveyard,
your ROUSING HYDRADRIVE MONARCH
loses attack points
equal to the monster I banish!
I banish the Equip
Spells RESUME MACE
and SUSPEND WAND.
And the monster I banish...
is DOTSCAPER.
Why would you banish a monster
with zero attack points?
That means ROUSING
HYDRADRIVE MONARCH's
attack points won't decrease.
I don't really care about that.
But what I do care
about is its ability!
When DOTSCAPER is banished,
it resummons itself to my field!
So he's planning to use
DOTSCRAPER for defense.
That monster won't protect
you, Playmaker!
My MONARCH's
additional ability activates!
Any monster that has
the same Attribute
as my MONARCH
must be summoned
in attack mode.
(computer chirping)
Zero attack points?
We won't survive
unless ya do something!
Then I'll do something, Ai.
By tributing my DOTSCAPER...
I can resurrect LINKURIBOH
from my graveyard.
(indistinct language)
(computer chirping)
Nice to see ya too,
o buddy, o pal, o friend.
I can now tribute my LINKURIBOH
to activate its special ability
and lower your monster's
attack points down...
to zero!
(timer beeping)
(Ai)
Thanks for the assist, Linky!
Fine then.
That shall bring my turn
to an end.
Phew,
that was a close one!
Yes, and your last one.
Because when my turn
comes again,
you will have nothing left
to save you!
It's my turn, Bohman!
I draw!
Ever since I told ya to go
for broke to win the duel,
it's like our strategies
are the ones that broke.
There's no point in dwelling
on the past, Ai.
Believe me, I should know.
(Ai)
Are you still talkin'
about this duel?
We may be low on life points,
but that opens up whole
new possibilities.
(Ai)
Oh, yeah!
Cuz you can now use your Skill!
But ya know, I can
help ya do one better.
What's this?
(Ai)
Ever since our very first duel,
I've been working
on updating your Skill
to make it even more powerful,
and I just happened to finish
programming it a second ago!
Your timing is remarkable, Ai.
Or, maybe I finished it
a while back
and didn't tell youuuu?
That sounds more
like the Ai, I know.
Eek! Stop smilin'!
It's weird.
Heh!
You really think
you'll get a better monster
than Bohman's?
Unlikely!
(Ai)
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
I activate my Skill!
Neo Storm Access!
(grunts)
What? Neo Storm Access?
I have never heard
of this Skill!
With Neo Storm Access,
I can draw a Cyberse monster
from the Data Storm
and then add that card
to my Extra Deck!
So then Playmaker
upgraded his Skill.
But even with your
newfound power,
a human being
could never outdraw me.
Or am I incorrect?
I activate the effect
of my spell
CYNET RITUAL
from my graveyard!
When I have no monsters
on my field,
I can banish CYNET RITUAL
and a Ritual Monster
from my graveyard
to summon two CYNET TOKENS
to my field.
Is that all?
I could destroy those TOKENS,
but that may be
what he wants me to do...
I should wait
and see what he's up to.
I'll now set my two TOKENS
in the Link Arrows!
(shooting)
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CYBERSE WICCKID!
(computer chirping)
Since I now have a Cyberse
monster out on my field...
I can follow that up
by summoning BACKUP SECRETARY
from my hand!
(computer chirping)
And that activates CYBERSE
WICCKID's ability!
When a monster is summoned
next to its link,
I can banish DOTSCAPER
from my graveyard
to draw CYBERSE SYNCHRON
from my deck and summon it!
(computer chirping)
And CYBERSE SYNCHRON
has its own special ability,
allowing me to double
one of my monster's Levels!
The only reason you would
double a monster
's Level
is to summon
a more powerful one,
likely the one you drew
from the Data Storm.
But now's the time to put
your strategy to an end!
Go Judgment Dice!
Say what?
C'mon! Roll anything
but Dark Attribute!
Anything but that!
The symbol I rolled is Dark!
Without bad luck,
we'd have no luck at all!
Now all Dark Attribute
monsters on your field
are sent to the graveyard.
And you take 500 points
of damage for each one!
You currently have two
Dark Attribute monsters in play:
CYBERSE WICCKID
and CYBERSE SYNCHRON.
That's 1000 points
of damage, so I win!
You're wrong, Bohman.
Am I?
Yes,
because CYBERSE WICCKID
has another special ability!
Any Cyberse monster
next to its links
are unaffected
by your special abilities!
Aw, yeah!
Your Judgment
Dice's been overruled!
Ah, he was just
about to win!
I'm now free to activate
CYBERSE SYNCHRON's
special ability!
I double BACKUP
SECRETAR
Y's Level
from 3 to 6!
Then I tune my
Level 1 CYBERSE SYNCHRON
with my Level 6
BACKUP SECRETARY!
Go!
(Playmaker)
Watch as the flash
of lightning
strikes from the far reaches
of the universe!
I Synchro Summon!
Rise! CYBERSE QUANTUM DRAGON!
(computer chirping)
(roars)
So that's the monster you drew
from within the Data Storm.
Still, it only has
2500 attack points,
which is not enough
to defeat my MONARCH!
Or so you claim.
CYBERSE QUANTUM DRAGON!
Attack ROUSING HYDRADRIVE
MONARCH!
I don't get it.
Playmaker has gotta know
that Bohman can use
JUDGMENT ARROWS
to raise his MONARCH
's
attack points to 6000.
How's he gonna win?
CYBERSE QUANTUM DRAGON's
special ability activates!
When it battles your monster,
your monster automatically
returns to your hand!
What?
Quantum Return!
And when Quantum Return
successfully gets
rid of your monster,
my QUANTUM DRAGON
is allowed to attack again!
And this time,
you have no monsters
left to protect you!
Go QUANTUM DRAGON!
I hate to say goodbye,
so I'll just say sayonara!
This duel is over Bohman!
Now QUANTUM DRAGON, attack!
Quantum Encryption!
No...
I won't let it end like this!
If I'm going down, Playmaker...
I'm taking you with me!
When Wind...
Fire...
Water...
and Earth HYDRADRIVE
Link Monsters
are all in my graveyard...
I can banish HYDRADRIVE SCABBARD
from my graveyard
to cut the damage
I take in half
and deal the same amount
back to you!
Oh, no!
We're gettin' blasted too?
But both their life points...
are too little to survive this!
(shooting)
(grunts)
(timer beeping)
I can't believe it,
the duel's a Tie.
There may be no official winner,
Playmaker...
but I can assure you,
it is I who's leaving
as the victor.
Because I've completely
downloaded every strategy
in your arsenal.
The next time we meet,
will be our final duel,
a duel that
you will not survive.
Yeah, you running away
while saying that kinda
takes the edge off!
He does have a point, Ai.
We've dueled
multiple times now...
and each time
he learns something new.
Next time we face off,
Bohman will be ready
for anything...
so we need to be, too.
(Lightning)
Bohman and Playmaker's signals
have vanished from this area.
Perhaps so should I.
(Flame)
Don't let him escape,
Soulburner!
(Bit)
Forgetify about Lightning!
(Boot)
You're dealing
with us first, capiche?
He's getting away!
Or if you wanna
be more accurate...
he got away, Flame.
(Flame)
Yes...
Then instead of dealing
with this rabble,
it's best we leave
LINK VRAINS and regroup.
Works for me!
(casual humming)
Hey, need a menu?
(Roken)
No, what I need
is to see Playmaker.
Ah!
It amuses me that
you have time to cook...
when the very existence
of humanity is on the line.
It's you...
Varis?!
(Ai)
What are you doing here?
And when are you leaving?
I saw that you let
Bohman escape.
We didn't "let" him
do anything.
If history is any indicator,
Bohman is sure to come back
stronger than before.
So you need to be prepared.
Whoa!
And what is this?
(Roken)
Just a little something.
Consider it a gift.
Looks like some kinda program.
You couldn't just
email it to us?
The Ignis monitor the network
just as much as the Hanoi do,
and you do
n't want them
to find out about this.
After all, with
the way things are,
you're going to need
every single advantage
that you can get.
(Yusaku)
What's it do?
It'll protect you
from the Ignis' attacks
in the real world
so you don't end up
mind controlled
like your friend Jin.
Just load it
into your Duel Disk.
Ha, like we'd ever trust you!
No way we're running
this program.
Huh?!
(whimpering)
(goofy laughs)
Exhilarating.
(Yusaku)
Well?
It's the real deal!
Well, then see you around.
Wait, why are you helping us?
Yo
u're like our supervillain.
The enemy of my enemy
is my friend...
Well, at least for now.
(Ai)
Well, that
's comforting.
We'll settle things
between us one day.
That is of course,
if you're still around.